well howdy there internet people it's
boullion so tonight we're gonna talk
about water training water water is good
water is life clean water is good
America's waterways have been protected
since 1972 by something called the Clean
Water Act President Obama expanded the
definition of what was covered by the
Clean Water Act that decision was not
taken lightly and I will admit there
were issues with it but it was based on
1,200 scientific studies basically we
realized that waterways are connected
and the smaller streams the smaller
bodies of water that were not protected
feed into the larger ones so it doesn't
do any good to protect the main river if
all of the feeder streams are being
polluted because they just roll into the
river
makes sense that I mean this is really
simple trumps undone this and in the
process rolled the protections back
further than they have ever been if this
rule goes into effect America's
waterways will be less protected than
they have been at any point in the last
50 years this should come as no surprise
to those who know how President Trump
runs his EPA those people he appoints
although he is no longer there Prewitt
one of trumps
appointees to lead the EPA is
self-described as being a leading
advocate against the EPA no surprise
there trying to undo any form of
regulation to protect the environment
the rule was developed strictly by
political appointees it was such a
travesty within the epa that forty four
employees filed a complaint with their
inspector general saying that this rule
had no basis in scientific consensus and
did not take into account watersheds
basically the connectivity of water this
comes at a time when Americans are just
freaking out over a virus a virus that
really isn't present in the United
States in any meaningful way as far as
we know but there's panic I talked to a
few of my friends who are
environmentalist they have varying
opinions on how bad it's going to be the
one thing they all agree on is that this
is going to kill people period this is
going to kill people it is going to
pollute waterways we're gonna have a
whole bunch of Flint's because that's
what this does it reverts a lot of
things to the local level so if a
developer or manufacturer can pay off
the local County Commission well that's
pretty much the end of it maybe not for
that County maybe one for downstream
which is kind of why this rule was put
into place that's why the Clean Water
Act exists and it's been unwound so
Trump's developer buddies can make some
money they can poison your kids
to make a little bit of cash it's really
what it boils down to it's all about the
pursuit of profit this decision goes
into effect while the president is
attending a conference we're one of the
main themes is to revert to stakeholder
capitalism rather than shareholder
capitalism it certainly appears that the
president is incapable of learning
anything I know there are a lot of
farmers that are applauding this guys
understand this doesn't just get rid of
Obama's rule it goes way way further
than that if your water supply is
tainted your crops will die this doesn't
help you it's one of those throwing the
baby out with the bathwater things this
is going to be a mistake this is going
to be something that is going to have to
be immediately undone by the next
president and if not if not people will
talk this is ridiculous
we have a complete incompetent person in
the White House somebody who just
refuses to be educated and keeps those
who can educate him out of the
conversation
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night